day 1 till last day , if you feel something is complicated let me know

1. intent first language next..
intent should be to use things in a project rather than tell other people i know something..

2. anything complicated means we cannot apply...

3. rules..
3.1 loyalty is towards the project and not the technology.. respect
architecture first..
3.2 tolerate uncertainty... and willingness to write a small program when doubt comes.
3.3 generalize your learning.. 

if people cannot do 3.3 .. then the sentence called " I have lot of things to learn". will come
because 3.3 is missing..
science means generalizing the thing kids think everything is unique .. if you know cocept
things become generic..



onClick
trigger.
get, post
== Event handling..


good programmer. immune to technology changes. framework changes..


microscope..
if any person tells I am a programmer. he should be 5/5 in variables and functions.

what do you mean by good at functions and variables.

variables.
1. he knows the data type
2. he knows the scope of the variable.

functions.
1. define  function
1.1 who is going to call it,
1.2 what is input it takes
1.3 how will it take the caller function failed function succeeded..

2. call a function
2.1 open documentation and see what the function does..
2.2 what does input indicate
2.3 what does it return , how will i know failure and success.

3. assign a function..
usually means that we define a function and we pass this function to some other
function and that function will call our function.
it means we
1. define the function
2. we dont call it.
3. we pass the function as input argument to some other function.

who is a programmer
can I convert some English given by somebody into functions and variables fitting into an architecture.








project success = process *technology * tools * culture.

java project..
which is current version of java available.

latest feature of java i want to know...
jdk8 feature dinosaurs also should know..
jdk11 features
jdk17 features..
jdk 21 good to know but we should knows projects are still not there on this..

but for a person who is bad at variables and functions none of the versions matter.
because he will containue to write "comma " state code...

comma state code == code which lead to logical problems..


in a place where local variable is there, if person creates a global variable.

kids favourite activity compare things which cannot be compared..

we will keep base as jdk1.8 and then take it forward..
spring framework..
spring boot ...

I assume that most projects are using spring 3.x 

database you are using I assume is oracle..

projects fail due to zoom out problems and not because of zoom in problems..

i have to come repair tv at home, house is on fire, but i am busy repairing the tv
separate skill.  -- do zoom out, than unnecessary zoom ins..

which is build tool your project is using
maven,  --good going...
graddle
ivy ..


1. we will start with jdk1.8 and move till jdk17 and last talk about some features
of jdk21, 24..
2. spring boot we will talk about version 3.x version..
3. as a build tool we will stick with maven..
4. database point of view we will look at things dynamically.. little bias towards oracle..


when you look at any code...
code that will be present in a folder..
most important thing is if somebody tells I am in project he must know the folder
structure..

which tool are you using to code the java .
eclipse
IntelliJ   -- you preference..

kids world only one file will be there and inside that file only one function
will be there.. that function name be main inside that whole universe will run..
but adults world all these things will collapse..

we are seeing multiple files..you should not open any file...
if you see multiple files.. it usually means there is some architecture used.
and until you know architecture we will not know which file to open..
























































